feat(s3): rearrange content MTA-3637 (#2109)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/how-to/access-objects-via-https.mdx

---

> meta:
>   title: How to manage object visibility
>   description: This page explains how to manage the visibility of your objects.
> content:
>   h1: How to manage object visibility
>   paragraph: This page explains how to manage the visibility of your objects.
> tags: object storage object-storage visibility
> dates:
>   validation: 2023-06-15
>   posted: 2021-05-27

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta:
  title: How to access objects via HTTPS
  description: This page explains how to access objects via HTTPS.
content:
  h1: How to access objects via HTTPS
  paragraph: This page explains how to access objects via HTTPS.
tags: object storage object-storage download https
dates:
  validation: 2023-09-05
  posted: 2023-09-05
```

categories:
  - storage
  - object-storage
---

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [created an Object Storage bucket](/storage/object/how-to/create-a-bucket/)
  - The [object visibility](/storage/object/how-to/manage-object-visibility) is set to public
</Message>

You can access your files via HTTPS by creating a public link from the Scaleway console.

> 1. Click **Object Storage** on the side menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Object Storage** on the side menu. The list of your buckets displays.
```

> 2. Click the bucket that contains the file you want to access. The bucket information page displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the bucket that contains the file you want to access. A list of your objects displays.
```

3. Click <Icon name="more" /> next to the file you want to access.

> 4. Select **Get public link**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **Get public link** and set an expiration date.
```

Or

```suggestion
4. Select **Get public link**.
5. Set an expiration date.
```

---
meta:
  title: How to access objects via HTTPS
  description: This page explains how to access objects via HTTPS.
content:
  h1: How to access objects via HTTPS
  paragraph: This page explains how to access objects via HTTPS.
tags: object storage object-storage download https
dates:
  validation: 2023-09-05
  posted: 2023-09-05
categories:
  - storage
  - object-storage
---

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [created an Object Storage bucket](/storage/object/how-to/create-a-bucket/)
  - The [object visibility](/storage/object/how-to/manage-object-visibility) is set to public
</Message>

You can access your files via HTTPS by creating a public link from the Scaleway console.

1. Click **Object Storage** on the side menu. The list of your buckets displays.
2. Click the bucket that contains the file you want to access. A list of your objects displays.
3. Click <Icon name="more" /> next to the file you want to access.
4. Select **Get public link**.
5. Set an expiration date.

> 5. Click **Generate link**. Your temporary file public link displays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Click **Generate link**. Your temporary file public link displays.
```
